thanks jack I'm really I'm really
excited to be back here on stage here at
e3 it was part of the crowd last year
but I couldn't resist the temptation to
be back on stage this year again so it's
it's a pleasure to be back on stage so
PlayStation grew from infancy to
adolescents in the very heart of the
digital era and Playstations evolution
is tracked precisely with and obviously
in many cases helped lead the increasing
comfort consumers have with digital
technology and two years ago we sought
to understand more about how consumers
were using that digital technology so
naturally we went on the road visiting
with publishers developers and gamers to
ask how we could make the PSB better and
this feedback actually went right back
to our engineering team has led to
changes in the design and the features
of the PSP so it's my pleasure today to
officially introduce the next step in
the evolution of the PlayStation
Portable for those who live a more
digital lifestyle for downloading
content across the network who no longer
need or desire tangible media like UMD's
cds or dvds in their homes or backpacks
were in their briefcases and i have it
right here in my pocket here it is
we actually have a couple names for this
beautiful little device first we call it
the worst kept secret of e3 and we call
it PSP go PSP Go represents a new
evolution of TSB specifically designed
for the digital lifestyle and let me be
very clear the PSP go will not replace
the PSP 3004 the UMD and we will
continue to support and market the PSP
3000 alongside the PSP go for users of
digital content it represents an object
of desire as well as an object of
functionality it's got a great screen
the same great operating system
integrated pipeline and plays the same
terrific game but it's size is really
broken for the digital consumer in fact
the PSP Go is actually more than fifty
percent smaller and forty percent
lighter than the original PSP 1000 so
the PSP goal is designed for the digital
lifestyle offering 16 gigabytes of
internal flash memory to store plenty of
games videos music and of course your
photos and you'll be able to download
games and movies and other content from
the free playstation network using the
PSP go's built-in Wi-Fi and as you can
see the PSP goal also has a slideout
feature for the controls integrated
bluetooth technology and a new memory
stick micro media port also knows m24
adding even more memory to the system
and as Jack mentioned 2009 will see more
big franchise titles released on PSP
than any other time in the history of
the PSP platform but we're also working
to make the experience easier and more
enjoyable